docs: remove links to removed content (#2431)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/kubernetes/operator/index.md

# Trivy Operator  

> Trivy has a native [Kubernetes Operator](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/) which continuously scans your Kubernetes cluster for security issues, and generates security reports as Kubernetes [Custom Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/). It does it by watching Kubernetes for state changes and automatically triggering scans in response to changes, for example initiating a vulnerability scan when a new Pod is created.

Reviewer: `[]` should work instead of `()`.

```suggestion
Trivy has a native [Kubernetes Operator][operator] which continuously scans your Kubernetes cluster for security issues, and generates security reports as Kubernetes [Custom Resources][crd]. It does it by watching Kubernetes for state changes and automatically triggering scans in response to changes, for example initiating a vulnerability scan when a new Pod is created.
```

Author: yes, you're right. it works.
